{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\viewkind4\uc1{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Segoe UI;}}
\pard\f0\fs14
\b Trueears - End-User License Agreement (EULA)\b0\par
Effective date: January 16, 2026\par
\par
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. By installing or using Trueears (the "App"), you agree to this agreement. If you do not agree, click "Cancel" and do not install or use the App.\par
\par
\b 1. License\b0\par
You may install and use the App for personal or internal business use. You may not reverse engineer or redistribute the App except as permitted by law.\par
\par
\b 2. Your Responsibilities\b0\par
You are responsible for using the App lawfully and safeguarding any third-party API keys you configure.\par
\par
\b 3. Third-Party Services\b0\par
The App can send audio/text to third-party providers you configure (for example, speech-to-text or AI). Your use of those services is governed by their own terms and privacy policies.\par
\par
\b 4. Privacy Summary\b0\par
The App may access microphone audio (for dictation), clipboard text (when you trigger select-to-transform), active window/app context (to target pasting), and your installed application list (to enable app-specific behavior).\par
The App does not intentionally collect analytics/telemetry, and it does not send your API keys to our servers.\par
\par
\b 5. No Warranty\b0\par
THE APP IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.\par
\par
\b 6. Limitation of Liability\b0\par
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE APP.\par
\par
\b 7. Updates\b0\par
If we make material changes to these Terms/Privacy, the App may require you to re-accept them.\par
\par
Full Terms of Service and Privacy Policy are available in the App under Settings > Legal & Privacy.\par
}
